Azure Kubernets docs (#1220)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/the-things-stack/host/kubernetes/azure/troubleshooting/_index.md

---
title: "Troubleshooting"
description: ""
weight: 9
aliases: [/getting-started/kubernetes/azure/troubleshooting]
---

This guide contains general troubleshooting information.

<!--more-->

> ## Error: Get "http://localhost/api/v1/namespaces/...": dial tcp [::1]:80: connect: connection refused

Author: @nejraselimovic suggested using `##` https://github.com/TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs/pull/1220#discussion_r1417854253, what's the standard we use?

> ## Error: Get "http://localhost/api/v1/namespaces/...": dial tcp [::1]:80: connect: connection refused

Reviewer: I suggested this based on what we have in other Troubleshooting docs, but we don't really have a *standard* on this. The only difference is the size of title and if it shows on the right hand menu or not. I think it's useful to have it shown, if the page becomes large it's probably easier to navigate through titles on the right than through the whole page

> ## Error: Get "http://localhost/api/v1/namespaces/...": dial tcp [::1]:80: connect: connection refused

Reviewer 2: It looks a but weird but fine with me

Set `KUBECONFIG` and `KUBE_CONFIG_PATH` variables to the location of the `kubeconfig` file. The default location is `~/.local/kubeconfig`.

### pkg/util/store:driver (driver error)

> The Things Stack runs kubernetes jobs to initialize and migrate Postgres. This error can occur if the The Things Stack is accessed either before these jobs are run or if the jobs failed to execute. Check the status of the jobs for more details on what went wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tts %}} runs Kubernetes jobs to initialize and migrate Postgres. This error can occur if {{% tts %}} is accessed either before these jobs are run or if the jobs failed to execute. Check the status of the jobs for more details on what went wrong.
```
